Updating README.md to talk more about Search Query & Request Transfor… (#58)
opensearch-project/search-processor: README.md

- [Copyright](#copyright)

## Welcome!

> This repository is the home of an evolving project to create a pipeline of transformers to preprocess search queries before information retrieval and post-process results after information retrieval. The first component here is hosts a plugin to re-rank search results before returning them to the client inline. In the coming year, we will add hooks to configure other re-rankers, and allow users to add their own components to the pipeline. Logging will also be a critical part of the pipeline in two ways: 1) Logging information about the search experience (e.g. query, search results returned from the index, search results returned to the OpenSearch client); 2) Logging debug information about the transformers. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if `information retrieval` is the correct word to use instead of `search`. It reminds me the classic ways of search like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_retrieval, even though we want to provide the capabilities of NLP and other ML techniques. @kolchfa-aws I would like to get Fanit's input on our knowledge sharing documents.

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to be plain and precise, so I would use "search" instead of "information retrieval". The second sentence has "is hosts" which I'm guessing should be just "is"? Also, is it apparent what "component" means in this context?
```suggestion
This repository is the home of an evolving project that aims to create a pipeline of transformers to preprocess queries before search and post-process results after search. The first component here is a plugin to re-rank search results before returning them to the client inline. In the coming year, we will add hooks to configure other re-rankers and allow users to add their own components to the pipeline. Logging will also be a critical part of the pipeline in two ways: 
1. Logging information about the search experience (e.g. query, search results returned from the index, search results returned to the OpenSearch client) 
1. Logging debug information about the transformers
```

Author: I was thinking of information retrieval as the step where we pull results from the actual index. Search is the whole pipeline, but for clarity I can accept this. Thanks.
